This program grew in the making.
Basically it is 2 naturally seperate programs in one, which do work
together in a way.

Part 1: The RSS reader, that generates an ePub file, that you can read
on your ebook reader.
If you want to create an ebook out of your favorite rss-links do
the following:
- Go to the top third of the dialog which is labled 'RSS-Feeds'.
- Click on 'Hinzufügen' to add your rss-link to your ebook.
  It is good practice to fill in the 'Schlagwort' which builds the
  heading in the ebook accordingly. If your feed link is from
  '4players' for instance, then you could name the 'Schlagwort'
  '4Players'.
- Do these steps until you have the list of wanted rss-links into
  this section. They where saved automatically into a config.json
- the checkboxes are there only to exclude some feeds in the current
  creation of your ebook. So you can store feeds there, you do not
  always want to read.

Part 2: The Settings Dialog frame 'Einstellungen'
Here you can control how often the ebook is created over the day.
There is no need to use that, but it is getting handy if you want
to create the books automatically for times you're not at home or
on vacation. Your 24/7 PC will do the work then and collects on
eBook per day for you.
- Retention days (Vorhaltezeit): The amount of days your list is
  gathered. If you have 20 days selected. The programm will maintain
  the last 20 days in your eNews directory. Older stuff gets deleted.
- starting time: If yiu want to create the same ebook over the day,
  due to possible updates on the rss-sites, you here tell the
  programm, when it should start with creating the ebook. 
- interval (in hours): this tells the programs, how many hours
  should pass, befor a newer ebook would be created.
- ending time: The last time in the day, the ebook should be created. 
- !eNews directory (!eNews-Verzeichnis): This is the most important
  part of this section! Here you tell the program, where to put
  the created rss-eBook. 

  IT IS VERY CLEVER TO PUT IT ONE SUBDIR BELOW THE READER MASTER-DIRECTORY!

  If you do so, you ensure, that this whole directory will get synced
  as well, when you press the "PC >> Reader" button.
  We get to that more closely in the next section.

Part 3: The snchronisation (eReader-Sync)
- reader root directory (Reader-Root-Verzeichnis): This is your
  ebook-readers root directory. You may put it there by hand or
  user the directory chooser 'wählen' button on the right.
- your local master directory (Reader-Master-Verzeichnis).
  This will be the location, your whole ebook readers data will reside.
  It is the clone directory of your ebook reader.
  You get it filled once you press the long 'vom Reader holen (initial)'
  button. It might take a long time, depending on the device you use
  for an ebook reader. But finally you have your reader cloned
  into that directory. 

  AND FROM THAT POINT ONWARD, THIS IS THE ONLY DIR, THAT MATTERS.
  ANY CHANGE, ANY DELETIONS, ANY FURTHER EBOOKS GO INTO HERE.
  YOUR READER JUST ONLY RECEIVES ALL THE CHANGES YOU DO THERE BY PRESSING 'SYNC'.

  No more hassles with the device itself. Also a very nice copy of
  your reader. Just in case...
- PDF -> ePub konvertieren: This converts an PDF that it finds while 
  syncing into an epub book with the same name as the PDF.
  It does so if the epub of this file does not exist already and if
  it finds usable text segments in the PDF. The resulting text will go
  into the epub version of it and after synchronisation, you might
  find it on your ebook reader. If not, the PDF did not
  reach the beformentioned requerements.
  This is a very poor version of a PDF translation. It works, but
  there is no good resulting format. I hope, that the community goes
  to this topic to add some Tesseract and/or format analysis of the
  source. I can't do it :).
- 'Ausführen' means 'execute'. Press this button to load the feeds,
  create a JSON from it und turn the JSON unto your daily News epub.
- Beenden just ends the program.

Remember: First thing to do is 'vom reader holen (initial)' which
is 'Pull all from your Reader'! You need that base to successfully
maintain your ebook content here.
